feat(DMS): add resource smart connect task (#3812)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/resources/dms_kafka_smart_connect_task.md

---
subcategory: "Distributed Message Service (DMS)"
---

# huaweicloud_dms_kafka_smart_connect_task

Manage DMS kafka smart connect task resource within HuaweiCloud.

## Example Usage

```hcl
variable "connector_id" {}

resource "huaweicloud_dms_kafka_smart_connect_task" "test" {
  connector_id     = var.connector_id
  source_type      = "BLOB"
  task_name        = "task12"
  destination_type = "OBS"

  obs_destination_descriptor {   
    topics                = "topic-test"
    consumer_strategy     = "latest"
    destination_file_type = "TEXT"
    access_key            = ""

>     secret_key            = ""

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    access_key            = "xxx"
    secret_key            = "xxx"
```

Author: done

    obs_bucket_name       = "afdafd"
    obs_path              = "afdasfd"
    partition_format      = "yyyy/MM/dd/HH/mm"
    record_delimiter      = "\n"
    deliver_time_interval = 300
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `region` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the region in which to create the resource.
  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used. Changing this parameter will create a new resource.

> * `connector_id` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the connector_id of the kafka instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `connector_id` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the connector ID of the kafka instance.
```

Author: done

  Changing this parameter will create a new resource.

* `source_type` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the source type of the smart connect task.

>   Defaults to **BLOB**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Only **BLOB** is supported.
```
there is no default value for the arguments which type is required

Author: done

  Changing this parameter will create a new resource.

* `task_name` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the name of the smart connect task.

  Changing this parameter will create a new resource.

* `destination_type` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the destination type of the smart connect task.

>   Defaults to **OBS**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Only **OBS** is supported.
```

Author: done

  Changing this parameter will create a new resource.

* `obs_destination_descriptor` - (Required, List, ForceNew) The list of obs destination descriptor.
  The [obs_destination_descriptor](#smart_connect_obs_destination_descriptor) structure is documented below.

<a name="smart_connect_obs_destination_descriptor"></a>
  The `obs_destination_descriptor` block supports:

* `access_key` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the access key of the HuaweiCloud.

* `secret_key` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the secret_key key of the HuaweiCloud.

* `consumer_strategy` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the consumer strategy of the smart connect task.

>   The value can be : **latest**, **earliest**. Defaults to **latest**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Value options : 
    + **latest**: xxxxxxxx.
    + **earliest**: xxxxxxx.
    
  Defaults to **latest**.
```

Author: done

* `deliver_time_interval` - (Required, Int, ForceNew) Specifies the deliver time interval of the smart connect task.
  The value should be between 30 and 900.

* `obs_bucket_name` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the obs bucket name of the smart connect task.

* `partition_format` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the time directory format of the smart connect task.

>   The value can be : **yyyy**, **yyyy/MM**, **yyyy/MM/dd**, **yyyy/MM/dd/HH**, **yyyy/MM/dd/HH/mm**.

Reviewer: ditto

Author: done

* `obs_path` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the obs path of the smart connect task.
  Obs path is separated by a slash.

* `topics` - (Optional, String) Specifies the topic names separated by a comma of the smart connect task.
  One of topics and topics_regex is required.

* `topics_regex` - (Optional, String) Specifies the regular expression of topic name for the smart connect task.

>   One of topics and topics_regex is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `topics` - (Optional, String) Specifies the topic names separated by a comma of the smart connect task.
  One of topics and topics_regex is required.

* `topics_regex` - (Optional, String) Specifies the regular expression of topic name for the smart connect task.
  One of topics and topics_regex is required.
  
 -> **NOTE:** Exactly one of `topics`, `topics_regex` should be specified.
```

Author: done

* `destination_file_type` - (Optional, String) Specifies the file type of the smart connect task. Defaults to **TEXT**.

* `record_delimiter` - (Optional, String) Specifies the file type of the smart connect task.

>   The value can be : **,**, **;**, **|**, **\n**, **""**. Defaults to **\n**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `destination_file_type` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the file type of the smart connect task. Defaults to **TEXT**.

* `record_delimiter` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the file type of the smart connect task.
  The value can be : **,**, **;**, **|**, **\n**, **""**. Defaults to **\n**.
```

Author: done

> 

Reviewer: for the whole args, the follow statement should be added: Changing this parameter will create a new resource.

Author: done

-> **NOTE:** Exactly one of `topics`, `topics_regex` should be specified.

* `destination_file_type` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the destination file type of the smart connect task.
  Only **TEXT** is supported. Changing this parameter will create a new resource.

* `record_delimiter` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the record delimiter of the smart connect task.
  Value options: **,**, **;**, **|**, **\n**, **""**. Defaults to **\n**.
  Changing this parameter will create a new resource.

## Attribute Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The resource ID.

* `topics` - Indicates the topic config of the smart connect task. There are 2 kinds of values.
  One is topic name string separated by a comma, the other is a regular expression of topic name.

* `status` - Indicates the status of the smart connect task. The value can be **RUNNING**, **PAUSED**.

* `created_at` - Indicates the creation time of the smart connect task.

## Import

The kafka smart connect task can be imported using the kafka instance `connector_id` and `id` separated by a slash, e.g.

> 

Reviewer 2: as some attributes can not be imported, we should add a note here.

Author: done

  secret_key            = var.secret_key
  obs_bucket_name       = "bucket-test"
  obs_path              = "path-test"
  partition_format      = "yyyy/MM/dd/HH/mm"
  record_delimiter      = "\n"
  deliver_time_interval = 300
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `region` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the region in which to create the resource.
  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used. Changing this parameter will create a new resource.

* `connector_id` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the connector ID of the kafka instance.
  Changing this parameter will create a new resource.

* `source_type` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the source type of the smart connect task.
  Only **BLOB** is supported. Changing this parameter will create a new resource.

* `task_name` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the name of the smart connect task.
  Changing this parameter will create a new resource.

* `destination_type` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the destination type of the smart connect task.
  Only **OBS** is supported. Changing this parameter will create a new resource.

> * `access_key` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the access key ID of the smart connect task.

Reviewer 2: how about writing like this:
```suggestion
* `access_key` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the access key used to access the OBS bucket.
```

Author: done
